push off and western style here at PF I
town and we got some sense jeans for you
and LeAnn is back with us product
specialist from cinch clean you know
we've got a lot of different genes out
here on the on the table in front of us
and you know we cover the basics in
cinch and now we want to kind of touch
on some different ones we can definitely
do that there's some of these though
that they still have the same fit as the
basic just different pocket treatment
different leg openings just different
stitching yeah just stuff that just
makes them just a little bit different
for that guy will be on the edge right
yeah so what's the first one we have the
first one we have is a dually it is a
light wash also comes in a darker wash
it is a original rise goes down through
a slimmer leg not a real slim leg like a
bronze but still you've got some
slenderness there well you know I got
this thing in front otherwise well I've
got the dually on but I'm not going to
take them off to show our viewers and I
love those jeans I love the Dooleys I
love to do it what's the next one we
have we have as a fastback this actually
the fit of this if the guy likes the
black label this is another gene he
needs down yeah most all guys that like
it would definitely go into them we sell
a lot of the fastback just because you
know I got a lot of team rope a little
bit and I got a lot of friends at team
rope and I tell you what this this gene
is one of their favorite jeans it is it
is and the one thing that you do notice
it does have a little leg slit opening
at the bottom yeah yeah just kind of
opens it up a little bit ok Lynn okay we
got those too what's his third one third
one is the cruiser you have a slanted
pocket in the front you have a clean
back pocket with no stitching at the top
no stitching on the pocket it's a
relaxed leg all the way down and it's a
bootcut leg at the bottom as well I
noticed it's got a little destruction
gold pocket there this taxi I tell you
what I don't see any jeans out there
with with nothing on the pocket that's
really different stepping out there for
fashion yeah okay how about the fourth
one next one you have green label
special edition this is same fit of
green label with the exception of the
waist is a half inch lower and the
bootcut at the bottom as a half inch um
bigger okay okay so it's a same fit
basically just a few differences yep
last but not least we have the carpenter
carpenter in the blue label
it again what can you say carpenter you
got all the pockets you got the medium
wash it's just a great work yeah so
since has something for everybody all
the different fits all the different
finishes cinch at shopping western style
and PFI western calm get yours there
Steve an extra ten dollars and get the
coolest look from cinch jeans don't miss
out order now since genes from PFI
western calm